Come on. Quickly!
And what is your name?
This is Victoria.
I think she is the daughter
of a Mushkegowuk woman,
but she was captured
by Europeans long ago.
She has been forced to serve white men,
to lay with white men.
The Europeans are not content
with our trade,
now they take our people, our girls.
What would you have us do?
Raise a group of fighters.
Set them to free the people,
one fort at a time.
Sokanon,
what you ask will end in bloodshed.
There will be bloodshed
no matter what we do. We must act.
We must discuss this.
If you don't mind, the lady would like
the comfort of your weapon.
Thank you.
We have conditions.
The first is that there must be
no more bloodshed than is necessary.
And you, Sokanon, must lead the party.
We have seen first-hand
Sokanon's skill and knowledge.
We can agree to this. She will lead.
We can provide you with men,
but you must provide
the necessary resources.
I understand.
Where will you go?
How many pelts can we take?
Now?
Two boats.
In a few days, we could move them all.
We don't have a few days.
Two boats.
Wonderful.
Gentlemen, pack up your things.
Let's get out of here.
There is a battalion of Redcoats
moving through the river valley.
They will be here soon.
You've made your choice.